1.	The last full moon of 2017 will appear especially plump and vibrant in the night sky this weekend.
2.	And yet, the perfection of the physical elements was never the end goal. 
3.	It’s still a mixed bag.
4.	Throughout his career, he has taken on the interests and physical challenges of every character he plays.
5.	The insane popularity of a single sweatshirt has forced its maker to expand into four new factories within the last year just to meet the soaring demand.
6.	At the time, American Giant had only one factory in Brisbane, California. The company has since expanded into a factory in Los Angeles and three more in rural North Carolina, just outside Raleigh.
7.	Shortly after the announcement, a video surfaced on local television.
8.	“We want to make the government aware that it cannot put an end to the gangs,” the speaker said.
9.	This video was, in a way, the capstone to his efforts.
10.	If the government did not care to stop the violence, then the gangs would pursue peace on their own.
11.	The cafe is the closest eatery to the hippo tank, and therefore the closest to Fiona, the 10-month-old hippo who bounces around inside it.
12.	“She has all the merch, the tumblers, the calendar. If there’s something with Fiona’s face on it, she has to have it first.”
13.	When Fiona was born, no one expected her to survive.
14.	The animal becomes a meme, a product, a unit of sale.
15.	In other words, it can be dangerous to overhype and anthropomorphize wild animals, as we project our fantasies and desires onto them and turn the narrative into a heartwarming tale that serves to reaffirm our own sense of goodness.
16.	Two weeks later, on Halloween, the zoo announced his death.
17.	Fiona’s celebrity has undeniably been good for human business.
18.	He is also haunted by the memory of his mother, for whom he made a wedding dress for her second marriage while he was still a young boy. 
19.	“When people hear we’ve held her, they want to touch our hands,” Ms. Curley said.
20.	Almost everyone I spoke with in Cincinnati seemed to have an opinion on the blessed child.
